# Microscopic Models for the Haagerup H3 Fusion Category

This repository contains all Mathematica files used in my Master's thesis "Microscopic Models for the Haagerup Fusion Category".

## The repository is structured as follows:
- ABCD-Equations: Belongs to Chapter 5 (Scale Invariance and Planarly Perfect Morphisms) and contains the Mathematica notebooks to calculate solutions to the ABCD-equations for Fib and H3.
- ABC_two_lines: Belongs to Chapter 4 (Scale Invariance and the ABC-Equation) and contains the Mathematica notebooks to calculate solutions to the ABC-equation with two lines for Fib and H3.
- Levin-Wen: Belongs to Chapter 6 (The Levin-Wen Model) and contains the Mathematica notebooks implementing the trivalent Levin-Wen model construction for H3 on triangle plaquettes, square plaquettes and hexagonal plaquettes.

## A part of the code is not written by the author of the thesis. In particular, the following files are (modified) versions of already existing code:
- ABCD-Equations/Fib -> 1_Polyhedra.nb (Scott Morrison, Emily Peters, and Noah Snyder. Categories generated by a trivalent vertex. Selecta Math., 23(2):817–868, 2017, 10.1007/s00029-016- 0240-3. arXiv:1501.06869.)
- ABCD-Equations/Fib -> 3_Fib_C62_relations.nb (Deniz E. Stiegemann. Computations with TriCats. DOI: 10.5281/zen- odo.2662418 URL: https://github.com/DenizSt/TrivalentComputations, 2018.)
- ABCD-Equations/Fib -> TriCats.m and stdlib.m (Deniz E. Stiegemann. TriCats. Version 1.1.1 Software package. DOI: 10.5281/zenodo.1245752 URL: https://github.com/DenizSt/TriCats, 2018.)
- ABCD-Equations/Haagerup -> 1_Polyhedra.nb (Scott Morrison, Emily Peters, and Noah Snyder. Categories generated by a trivalent vertex. Selecta Math., 23(2):817–868, 2017, 10.1007/s00029-016- 0240-3. arXiv:1501.06869.)
- ABCD-Equations/Haagerup -> TriCats.m and stdlib.m (Deniz E. Stiegemann. TriCats. Version 1.1.1 Software package. DOI: 10.5281/zenodo.1245752 URL: https://github.com/DenizSt/TriCats, 2018.)
- ABC_two_lines/Fib -> Fsymbols.m (Tobias J. Osborne, Deniz E. Stiegemann, and Ramona Wolf. The F -symbols for the H3 fusion category. 2019. arXiv:1906.01322.)
- ABC_two_lines/Fib -> ShortF.m (Tobias J. Osborne, Deniz E. Stiegemann, and Ramona Wolf. The F -symbols for the H3 fusion category. 2019. arXiv:1906.01322.)
